and he commanded the steward of his
and he commanded the steward of his house fill the men's sacks with food as
house fill the men's sacks with food as
house fill the men's sacks with food as much as they can carry and put each
much as they can carry and put each
much as they can carry and put each man's money in the mouths of his sack
man's money in the mouths of his sack
man's money in the mouths of his sack also put my cup the silver cup in the
also put my cup the silver cup in the
also put my cup the silver cup in the mouth of the sack of the youngest and
mouth of the sack of the youngest and
mouth of the sack of the youngest and his grain money so he did according to
his grain money so he did according to
his grain money so he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken as soon
the word that Joseph had spoken as soon
the word that Joseph had spoken as soon as the morning dawned the men was sent
as the morning dawned the men was sent
as the morning dawned the men was sent away they and their donkeys when they
away they and their donkeys when they
away they and their donkeys when they had gone out of the city and were not
had gone out of the city and were not
had gone out of the city and were not yet far off Joseph said to his steward
yet far off Joseph said to his steward
yet far off Joseph said to his steward get up follow the men and when you
get up follow the men and when you
get up follow the men and when you overtake them say to them why have you
overtake them say to them why have you
overtake them say to them why have you repaid evil for good is not this the one
repaid evil for good is not this the one
repaid evil for good is not this the one from which my lord drinks and with which
from which my lord drinks and with which
from which my lord drinks and with which he indeed practices divination you have
he indeed practices divination you have
he indeed practices divination you have done evil in so doing so he overtook
done evil in so doing so he overtook
done evil in so doing so he overtook them and he spoke to them these same
them and he spoke to them these same
them and he spoke to them these same words they said to him why does my lord
words they said to him why does my lord
words they said to him why does my lord say these words far be it from us that
say these words far be it from us that
say these words far be it from us that your servants should do such a thing
your servants should do such a thing
your servants should do such a thing look we brought back to you from the
look we brought back to you from the
look we brought back to you from the land of Canaan the money which we found
land of Canaan the money which we found
land of Canaan the money which we found in the mouth of our sacks how then could
in the mouth of our sacks how then could
in the mouth of our sacks how then could we steal silver or gold from your Lord's
we steal silver or gold from your Lord's
we steal silver or gold from your Lord's house with whom ever of your servants it
house with whom ever of your servants it
house with whom ever of your servants it is found let him die and we also will be
is found let him die and we also will be
is found let him die and we also will be my Lords slaves no also let it be
my Lords slaves no also let it be
my Lords slaves no also let it be according to your words be with whom it
according to your words be with whom it
according to your words be with whom it has found shall be my slave and you
has found shall be my slave and you
has found shall be my slave and you shall be blameless and each man speedily
shall be blameless and each man speedily
shall be blameless and each man speedily let down his sack to the ground a beach
let down his sack to the ground a beach
let down his sack to the ground a beach opened his sack so he searched he began
opened his sack so he searched he began
opened his sack so he searched he began with the oldest and left off the
with the oldest and left off the
with the oldest and left off the youngest
youngest
youngest Harbor cup was found in Benjamin's sack
Harbor cup was found in Benjamin's sack
Harbor cup was found in Benjamin's sack then they tore their clothes and each
then they tore their clothes and each
then they tore their clothes and each fan loaded his donkey and returned to
fan loaded his donkey and returned to
fan loaded his donkey and returned to the city so Judah and his brothers came
the city so Judah and his brothers came
the city so Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house and he was still there
to Joseph's house and he was still there
to Joseph's house and he was still there and they fell before him on the ground
Joseph said to them what deed is this
Joseph said to them what deed is this you have done did you not know that such
you have done did you not know that such
you have done did you not know that such a man as I can certainly practice
a man as I can certainly practice
a man as I can certainly practice divination then Judah said what shall we
divination then Judah said what shall we
divination then Judah said what shall we say to my Lord what shall we speak or
say to my Lord what shall we speak or
say to my Lord what shall we speak or how shall we clear ourselves God has
how shall we clear ourselves God has
how shall we clear ourselves God has found out the iniquity of your servants
found out the iniquity of your servants
found out the iniquity of your servants here we are my lord slaves both we and
here we are my lord slaves both we and
here we are my lord slaves both we and he also with whom the cup was found far
he also with whom the cup was found far
he also with whom the cup was found far be it from me that I should do so the
be it from me that I should do so the
be it from me that I should do so the man in whose hand the cup was found he
man in whose hand the cup was found he
man in whose hand the cup was found he shall be my slave and as for you go up
shall be my slave and as for you go up
shall be my slave and as for you go up in peace to your father then Judah came
in peace to your father then Judah came
in peace to your father then Judah came near to him oh my lord
near to him oh my lord
near to him oh my lord please let your servant speak a word in
please let your servant speak a word in
please let your servant speak a word in my Lords hearing and do not let your
my Lords hearing and do not let your
my Lords hearing and do not let your anger burn against your servant for you
anger burn against your servant for you
anger burn against your servant for you are even like Pharaoh my Lord asked his
are even like Pharaoh my Lord asked his
are even like Pharaoh my Lord asked his servants saying have you a father or a
servants saying have you a father or a
servants saying have you a father or a brother and we said to my lord we have a
brother and we said to my lord we have a
brother and we said to my lord we have a father an old man and a child of his old
father an old man and a child of his old
father an old man and a child of his old age who is young his brother is dead and
age who is young his brother is dead and
age who is young his brother is dead and he alone is left of his mother's
he alone is left of his mother's
he alone is left of his mother's children and his father loves him then
children and his father loves him then
children and his father loves him then you said to your servants bring him down
you said to your servants bring him down
you said to your servants bring him down to me that I may set my eyes on him and
to me that I may set my eyes on him and
to me that I may set my eyes on him and we said to my lord the lad cannot leave
we said to my lord the lad cannot leave
we said to my lord the lad cannot leave his father for if he should leave his
his father for if he should leave his
his father for if he should leave his father his father would die but you said
father his father would die but you said
father his father would die but you said to your servants unless your youngest
to your servants unless your youngest
to your servants unless your youngest brother comes down with you you shall
brother comes down with you you shall
brother comes down with you you shall see my face no more
it was when we went up to your servant
it was when we went up to your servant my father that we told him the words of
my father that we told him the words of
my father that we told him the words of my lord and our father said go back and
my lord and our father said go back and
my lord and our father said go back and buy us a little food but we said we
buy us a little food but we said we
buy us a little food but we said we cannot go down if our youngest brother
cannot go down if our youngest brother
cannot go down if our youngest brother is with us then we will go down for we
is with us then we will go down for we
is with us then we will go down for we may not see the man's face unless our
may not see the man's face unless our
may not see the man's face unless our youngest brother is with us then your
youngest brother is with us then your
youngest brother is with us then your servant my father said to us you know
servant my father said to us you know
servant my father said to us you know that my wife bore me two sons when the
that my wife bore me two sons when the
that my wife bore me two sons when the one went out from me and I said surely
one went out from me and I said surely
one went out from me and I said surely he is torn to pieces and I have not seen
he is torn to pieces and I have not seen
he is torn to pieces and I have not seen him since but if you take this one also
him since but if you take this one also
him since but if you take this one also from me and calamity befalls him you
from me and calamity befalls him you
from me and calamity befalls him you shall bring down my grey hair with
shall bring down my grey hair with
shall bring down my grey hair with sorrow the grave
sorrow the grave
sorrow the grave now therefore when I come to your
now therefore when I come to your
now therefore when I come to your servant my father and the lad is not
servant my father and the lad is not
servant my father and the lad is not with us since his life is bound up in
with us since his life is bound up in
with us since his life is bound up in the lads life it will happen when he
the lads life it will happen when he
the lads life it will happen when he sees that the lad is not with us that he
sees that the lad is not with us that he
sees that the lad is not with us that he will die so your servants will bring
will die so your servants will bring
will die so your servants will bring down the gray hair of your servant our
down the gray hair of your servant our
down the gray hair of your servant our Father with sorrow to the grave for your
Father with sorrow to the grave for your
Father with sorrow to the grave for your servant became surety for the lad to my
servant became surety for the lad to my
servant became surety for the lad to my father saying if I do not bring him back
father saying if I do not bring him back
father saying if I do not bring him back to you
to you
to you then I shall bear the blame before my
then I shall bear the blame before my
then I shall bear the blame before my father forever now therefore please let
father forever now therefore please let
father forever now therefore please let your servant remain instead of the lad
your servant remain instead of the lad
your servant remain instead of the lad as a slave to my lord and let the lad go
as a slave to my lord and let the lad go
as a slave to my lord and let the lad go up with his brothers for how shall I go
up with his brothers for how shall I go
up with his brothers for how shall I go up to my father if the lad is not with
up to my father if the lad is not with
up to my father if the lad is not with me lest perhaps I see the evil that
me lest perhaps I see the evil that
me lest perhaps I see the evil that would come upon my father